EZP-30547 Config resolver for SiteAccess (#724)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses.md

```

You should now be able to load your eZ Platform site in the `en` and `fr` SiteAccess displaying English and French content.

!!! tip
    

>     If you encounter issues when configuring SiteAccess, use the following command to debug or speed up the configuration process:

Reviewer: In what way do we imply this will speedup the process? What did you have in mind here? :)

Author: I must have misunderstood something 😅 I will remove that fragment 😄

Reviewer: Could be something like:
`If you encounter issues when configuring SiteAccess or want to check that system picks up the right value, use the following command:`

>     If you encounter issues when configuring SiteAccess or want to check that system picks up the right value, use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you encounter issues when configuring SiteAccess or want to check that system uses the correct value, use the following command:
```
